Edits to Git entries (11 total) (#562)
Codecademy/docs: content/git/concepts/clone/clone.md

  - 'learn-the-command-line'
---

In Git, cloning means copying an existing remote repository to the current directory.

> Some of the basic Git commands have been performed only on a local branch, that is, a branch that exists on a local machine. Here's a command that will interact with a remote branch &mdash; a branch on a server that can be accessed through the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the basic Git commands have been performed only on a local branch, that is, a branch that exists on a local machine. Here's a command that will interact with a remote branch &mdash; a branch on a server that can be accessed through the internet.
```

Would it be more accurate to say "repository" instead of "branch"? Or maybe "clone or branch" if `git clone` can clone from a specific branch?

## Syntax

> The basic syntax for cloning in Git via HTTPS is this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax for cloning in Git via HTTPS is this:
```

```psuedo
git clone https://github.com/repository/URL.git
```

## Example

> Run `git clone` to clone the repository for [Codecademy Docs](https://github.com/codecademy/docs), like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, `git clone` is used to clone the [Codecademy Docs](https://github.com/codecademy/docs) repository:
```

In Git, cloning means copying an existing remote repository to your current directory.

> Some of the basic Git commands have been performed only on a local branch, that is, a branch that exists on a local machine. Here's a command that will interact with a remote branch `&mdash`; a branch on a server that can be accessed through the internet.

Author: @KTom101 Is there a reason you removed the semicolon and added backticks around the em dash here? Is that a specific syntax for Codecademy's markdown renderer? Because as far as I know that won't be rendered correctly with standard markdown.

## Syntax

The basic syntax for cloning in Git via HTTPS is this:

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

> git clone <repo-URL>.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/repository/URL.git
```

```

## Example

> For example, if you want to clone [Codecademy Docs](https://github.com/codecademy/docs), you can do so like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, `git clone` is run to clone the repository for [Codecademy Docs](https://github.com/codecademy/docs):
```

```shell

> $ git clone https://github.com/codecademy/docs.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ git clone https://github.com/Codecademy/docs.git
```

Purely a stylistic thing.
